# Web-Portfolio

For this project, I want my portfolio to be used for job seeking/a professional setting. I'd like to convey both my previous work and my skillset in this portfolio through implicit and explicit means. My intended audience would be employers or recruiting managers in the UX/UI or graphic design industries. The way they would most likely encounter the site would either be from my linked in or handshake profiles, or an attached link to the site on my resume or cover letter. I want to convey my skillset in relation to common design principles and practices, so designing a site that looks and functions well along with having other explicit work/project examples will be a must for me. Having a good color scheme, layout, and overall navigatable website, while still making it organized and professional will be very supplemental to any design work that I include in the actual protfolio. Accessibility is also another big aspect of designing this site. I need to make sure I make it accessible and understandable to anyone viewing it. I think I'd like to have about 3-4 pages total, a landing home page, one for projects/work, about me, and a contact page. Keeping these pages separate and concise will allow for a very clean and usable feeling site. I'll probably sketch out a quick wireframe to map out how and where I want everything to look and go so that I don't have to invent the site as I go in HTML and CSS. I've already started a little bit on it, creating a universal navigation bar at the top of the pages to make getting around the site easy and accessible.
